Check Point customer feedback (#401)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: checkpoint_ngfw/help.md

* Username and password with administrative privileges
* Check Point API is enabled and running. This requires that the NGFW machine has 6GB of RAM available, and the API has been enabled
* For more information on enabling the API visit here: https://community.checkpoint.com/t5/API-CLI-Discussion-and-Samples/Enabling-web-api/td-p/32641

> * Make sure the IP of the orchistrator running this plugin is set as an allowed host 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure the IP of the orchestrator running this plugin is set as an allowed host in Checkpoint
```

|ssl_verify|boolean|True|True|Use SSL verification|None|
|username_password|credential_username_password|None|True|Username and password|None|

> Example input: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example input:

```

```
{
  "port": 443,
  "server": "192.168.1.1",
  "ssl_verify": false,
  "username_password": {
    "password": "xxxxxx",
    "username": "xxxxxx"
  }
}

> 

Reviewer 2: remove new line

### Actions

#### Install Policy

This action is used to install a policy to selected targets.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|
|discard_other_sessions|boolean|True|True|Discard all other user sessions. This can fix errors when objects are locked by other sessions|None|
|install_on_all_cluster_members_or_fail|boolean|False|True|Relevant for the gateway clusters. If true, the policy is installed on all the cluster members. If the installation on a cluster member fails, don't install on that cluster|None|
|policy_package|string|standard|True|Policy package to install e.g. "standard"|None|
|targets|[]string|['target name']|True|On what targets to execute this command. Targets may be identified by their name, or object unique identifier. e.g. ["checkpoint_fw"]|None|

Example input:

```

> "input": {

Reviewer: Input key should not be here, it's the contents of that key. Same way we don't show `output` key in example outputs because the user does not see that in the product. This would confuse them.

  "discard_other_sessions": true,
  "install_on_all_cluster_members_or_fail": false,
  "policy_package": "standard",
  "targets": [
      "checkmark_fw"

>   ]

Reviewer 3: Keep this, remove the top-level `input` object

plugin tries to publish its changes. A best practice is to have separate administrator accounts so that you can 
better track changes done via the plugin or manually via SmartConsole.

### Common Errors

> #### 403 forbidden

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### 403 Forbidden
```

> If you are presented with a 403 forbidden error when running the connection test, the API hasn't been enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are presented with a `403 Forbidden` error when running the connection test, the API hasn't been enabled and will need to be enabled for the connection test to succeed.
```

> For more information on enabling the API visit here: https://community.checkpoint.com/t5/API-CLI-Discussion-and-Samples/Enabling-web-api/td-p/32641

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on enabling the API visit [https://community.checkpoint.com/t5/API-CLI-Discussion-and-Samples/Enabling-web-api/td-p/32641]( https://community.checkpoint.com/t5/API-CLI-Discussion-and-Samples/Enabling-web-api/td-p/32641).
```

Author: Changed this a little to avoid the . at the end of the line. That way you can copy paste the URL easier if needed.

#### err_login_failed

If the plugin gives this error during the connection test: 

> {

Reviewer: Use backticks for code block

  "code" : "err_login_failed",
  "message" : "Authentication to server failed."
}

Verify the password on the account you are using. Make sure the user that you are logging in with has administrative
privileges.

# Version History

> * 1.2.0 - New action Install Policy | Fix issue where logout could fail | Update to help to improve troubleshooting | Update to `Add Host` to add color as an input 

Reviewer: We don't use backticks on Titles
```suggestion
* 1.2.0 - New action Install Policy | Fix issue where logout could fail | Update to help to improve troubleshooting | Update Add Host action with color option
```
